# iceStore
A place for discovering SSBs

# How to use

Make sure you have the borderOS version of ice installed:
https://github.com/borderOS/ice/releases

Than install the ice store using the .deb from releases:
https://github.com/borderOS/ice-store/releases

# Add to the repo

In order to add SSBs to the repo, fork https://github.com/borderOS/ice-store-repo.
Than modify the json. If you do add something, please make sure you know how json syntax works. A syntax error with the json file will result in a syntax error with iceStore itself.

Once you add the SSBs to the Json, please submit a pull request.

There are 6 values needed to be set for each SSB added.

```
id
name
url
description
catagory
price
```

### id

For the id, do a shortened version of the name, all lowercase with no spaces or special characters. Some examples would be gdrive, instead of Google Drive, or replit instead of repl.it. The id isn't presented to the user, it is only used inside the code to create objects.

MAKE SURE NO SPACES OR SPECIAL CHARACTERS ARE USED, AND THERE ARE NOT DUPLICATE IDS.

### name

This is the name of the SSB. This will be presented to the user inside the iceStore, and it will be the default name for the Ice application. Please use the project name for this.

### url

This is the url of the SSB. This is the default url for SSB generated by Ice. Please test the url in a browser before submitting it.

### description

Just write a short description of what the SSB does. Make it around one sentence. If it gets too long, please use \n to make it move to a second line.

### featured

Please just set this to "False". PizzaLovingNerd will decide what gets featured on the main tab.

### catagory

This will do two things. It decides which tab it will be put into inside the IceStore, and it decides where in the menu the SSB will go. Please choose from the following catagories.

```
accessories
games
graphics
internet
mulitimedia
office
programming
system
```

### price

This is the label for the "install" button. Set to one of the following

```
Free
Freemium
Free with Ads
Freemium with Ads
One Time Payment
Subscription
```

## Examples

Here are some examples.

```json
{
	"id": "gmail",
	"name": "Gmail",
	"url": "https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/",
	"description": "The world's most popular Email service.",
	"catagory": "internet",
	"price": "Freemium with Ads"
},
{
	"id": "gdrive",
	"name": "Google Drive",
	"url": "https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/",
	"description": "Google's tool for online file storage and backup/synchronization.",
	"catagory": "office",
	"price": "Freemium"
},
{
	"id": "gmaps",
	"name": "Google Maps",
	"url": "https://www.google.com/maps",
	"description": "Google's wildly popular mapping service.",
	"catagory": "accessories",
	"price": "Free"
},
```

## Other things to note
Please sort all of the json data entries in alphabetical order by the name entry. That way, Python also interprets them in alphabetical order and the list becomes in alphabetical order.
